Add information about the events of the accordion widget (#4580)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_accordion.md

$( "#element" ).accordion( "deactivate", [0,1]);
```

## Events {#accordion_events}

> The accordion widget is subscribed to the same events as the [Magento Tabs widget] widget:

Reviewer: Please, use the link markup for `[Magento Tabs widget]`. So we have [Tabs Widget](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.1/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_tabs.html)

> The accordion widget is subscribed to the same events as the [Tabs widget]({{page.baseurl}}/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_tabs.html):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The accordion widget subscribes to the same events as the [Tabs widget]({{page.baseurl}}/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_tabs.html):
```

> -   [beforeOpen callback](#accordion_beforeOpen)

Reviewer 2: @serhiyzhovnir,  I forgot to ask you to update these anchor links when I asked you to remove them from the headings below. That's what's causing the build to fail. You'll need to update these anchors.

- `[beforeOpen callback](#beforeopen-callback)`
- `[dimensionsChanged](#dimensionschanged)`

-   [dimensionsChanged](#accordion_dimensionsChanged)

> ### `beforeOpen callback` {#accordion_beforeOpen}

Reviewer 2: It's not necessary to add header ID overrides. Jekyll automatically generates header IDs at build time.

Called before the content is opened. 

Example of adding a callback to `beforeOpen` events:

```javascript
$("#element").on("beforeOpen", function () {
    // do something before opening the content
});
```

> ### `dimensionsChanged` {#accordion_dimensionsChanged}

Reviewer 2: It's not necessary to add header ID overrides. Jekyll automatically generates header IDs at build time.
